= Magical Savage Beast
=====================

== About Magical Savage Beast
  Magical Savage Beast is an attempt to get the Savage Beast forums to work 
  entirely as a plugin in Ruby on Rails 2.2.  This work is based on the work 
  done here http://github.com/eadz/savage-beast/tree/master which is a 
  previous attempt to get the Beast forums to run as a Rails Plugin.

  This work appears to have stopped sometime in mid-2008, which is why I am 
  continuing it.

  My goal is to allow this to be installed as a plugin and not require you to 
  do ANYTHING besides install the dependency plugins and run the generator. 
  The idea of manually having to copy files out of the plugin into your base 
  rails application is not an acceptable notion to me.

  This Plugin is still under heavy development so please keep that in mind 
  while using it.

== Public Repository
  git://github.com/JohnPostlethwait/magical_savage_beast.git

== Requirements & Dependencies
  Yes, unfortunately, this plugin makes you install other plugins and gems. As 
  this is essentially an entire Rails application, and one that I did not 
  write, this is unavoidable at the moment.

  Hopefully I can determine a way in the future to not make you do this but 
  including the required plugins in this source seemed more non-ideal than 
  requiring you install them manually.

  Install the RedCloth gem, latest is fine:

    sudo gem install Redcloth

  Install the necessary plugins which this plugin depends on. If you already 
  have these you can probably safely skip them:

    script/plugin install git://github.com/rails/acts_as_list.git
    script/plugin install git://github.com/defunkt/gibberish.git
    script/plugin install http://svn.techno-weenie.net/projects/plugins/white_list/
    script/plugin install http://svn.techno-weenie.net/projects/plugins/white_list_formatted_content/
    script/plugin install git://github.com/mislav/will_paginate.git

== Installation
  Run the generator to add the necessary migration to your application:

    script/generate magical_savage_beast name_of_your_user_model_here

  We now need to implement two method calls into two of your application 
  classes. These will add some necessary functionality to these classes that 
  the original Savage Beast forums depended on.

  Add this method to the top of your ApplicationController:

    magical_savage_controller_methods

  And add this method to the top of your user model:

    acts_as_magical_savage_user

  One last thing is the routes for the forum, add this to your routes.rb file:

    map.from_plugin :magical_savage_beast



==